Belis Aladag: Hello.
Belis Aladag: Hi, how are you doing
Galaxy A20: I'm good. I'm okay, I should say.
Belis Aladag: You're okay. Are you are you living through a coronavirus nightmare as well.
In court.
Galaxy A20: We are my households, fine. I haven't. I don't even know anybody that has been affected by it personally but
Belis Aladag: Okay, okay. Well, I know, but you know, it's like I feel like every few hours, we're getting new information about me. This is shut down. That's shut down.
Belis Aladag: Anyway, so welcome. I'm Dr. Allah DAG and I'm here to help get you started in in terms of medications and get into the program here.
Belis Aladag: For your opioid issue. So tell me, tell me about you.
Galaxy A20: So I'm i am i'm 33 years old I have
Galaxy A20: I've been a user for a long time. This is, this is, I think my third or fourth time. This is the first time I've ever done this type
Galaxy A20: But I'm just my third or fourth time seeking help.
Galaxy A20: It's worked for me. I've gotten clean a few times this last time I was playing for a year and now I've been back using for like three years and I just you know i i just want i want to be normal. You know, like when you're a heroin addict every day is
Galaxy A20: A mystery. You know, like if you don't have money it's you're gonna hurt. And I just want to be normal. You know, I want to go back to the way I was like three years ago. Gotcha.
Belis Aladag: I'm in three years ago.
Belis Aladag: So, so okay you're 33 now when, when would you say like your first trial of have any opioids was like Vika did not know any of that.
Galaxy A20: I broke my leg. When I was like 16 and they gave me Norco is I had a pretty steady
Galaxy A20: Supply of Narcos from the doctor for the pain for like the first three months I was in a car accident or a motorcycle accident on the dirt bike.
Galaxy A20: broke my leg for like three months they gave me you know 90 Narcos a month. And after that, when they took them away from me. I became an addict like
Galaxy A20: buying them on the streets and stuff like that and they just got out of hand. Heroin was cheaper. So I started doing that by the time I was, I would say 19 or 20 I was a full blown at it.
Belis Aladag: Okay and and the heroin. You were injecting
Galaxy A20: Know I have done that but i i prefer to smoke it because I just, I don't like needles, you know, kind of, yeah.
Belis Aladag: Yeah, okay, good. Okay.
Belis Aladag: So, okay, by the age of 19 or 20 it really took off.
Belis Aladag: Now in the interim, did you what kind of treatments. Have you tried because most recently, I understand. Are you coming to us from a methadone clinic where you were.
Galaxy A20: So the last, the last one that I did was an outpatient program and they gave me something called
Galaxy A20: Suboxone
Galaxy A20: These little strips and I put them under my tongue and it's like that medicine is for me. Way better than because I did do a methadone clinic to and
Galaxy A20: I felt like I was more addicted to the Methadone than I ever was to heroin. I needed it more often more of it. It was like
Galaxy A20: It for me the Methadone didn't work it. I got really used to the Methadone in my they just kept taking my my dosage higher and higher. I was doing 180 milligrams of methadone, a day by Eric. By the time I got out of there.
Belis Aladag: Okay. And when you were on the methadone treatment.
Belis Aladag: When was it would you say when you were in your 20s, when you first started doing the methadone treatment or
Galaxy A20: Yeah, I was falling in my mid 20s. That was the first time that I ever tried to quit. They didn't have Suboxone like they do now.
Galaxy A20: Um, so yeah, I was like 25 or so. Yeah, when I first tried to stop because
Galaxy A20: It was really
Galaxy A20: It was harming my personal life, like I started losing things, you know, I started losing. I didn't know that.
Galaxy A20: When I was when I was such I was so young, but it was taking things for me and I didn't realize it until like I looked around. I didn't have a car anymore. You know, my house was about to be taken and I was I was having to move in with my mom and I get it got really to the point where
Galaxy A20: I just realized that, you know, I was, I was really bad at it for it. You know, like if I didn't have it. I would do crazy things to get it. You know, it was crazy.
Belis Aladag: Were you getting in any legal trouble. Did you have any DUIs or any I don't know anything.
Galaxy A20: I've ever had any DUI or anything, but I do have charges. Yeah, I have.
Galaxy A20: A couple of narcotics charges they got all reduced down to misdemeanors, which I'm lucky. But yeah, I have been caught a few times with drugs. Yeah, like
Belis Aladag: Yeah, having him on your person or whatever.
Galaxy A20: Day.
Belis Aladag: So yeah, so legal trouble and then it sounds like you had family trouble.
Belis Aladag: Just relationship trouble. RIGHT. AND THEN YOU SAID YOU ALMOST LOST YOUR HOME. SO financial consequences.
Losing your car.
Belis Aladag: Health any health issues that popped up along the way, and he did you ever have, like, I don't know, I'm
Galaxy A20: Not been, I've never had any you know from that maybe a you know a lower immune system, you know, something like that. But I've never had like high blood pressure or like
Galaxy A20: Like heart problems or anything like that. That was caused directly from drugs. Okay, pretty healthy person overall. But yeah, I just honestly i just i i want to get clean and I know that it's possible, with this new that toolbox and stuff that I took the last time, which was
Galaxy A20: About
Galaxy A20: It was about two years ago. And then I got clean for a little while and then I relapsed but I really liked the Suboxone because I can control it.
Galaxy A20: And it didn't get me high so I wasn't taking it to the high like the Methadone got me highest so like my body was getting used to.
Galaxy A20: You know, I started off taking 80 milligrams. And then in two weeks. I got used to that and like my body would need more and more and more and more.
Galaxy A20: And with the Suboxone it never, I never had that feeling like just stopped my withdrawals. I could act like a normal person, and I wasn't loaded. You know, like when I smoke heroin. I get really loaded, like, obviously, that's what I'm addicted to but
Belis Aladag: Yeah.
Galaxy A20: I, I really like the Suboxone treatment like I really
I like
Galaxy A20: It. And I thought,
Belis Aladag: And I'm looking in this. So we have a database where we can see like prescribed like controlled substances and it looks like you did receive some Suboxone film like the eight milligram films early in January, but you only had 10 of them.
Belis Aladag: Is that a provider, you're going to continue
Belis Aladag: To see or was that just a one time.
Galaxy A20: No, that was I think that was probably just a one time thing that I went to the hospital for or
Galaxy A20: Just because I was probably out of money, you know, and I couldn't work to get my drugs. So I went to, um, to see my doctor here in the hospital.
Galaxy A20: told him what was going on. He gave me. Well, he was, he told me that he would give me enough to hold by me time to get into some type of treatment center. Yeah.
Belis Aladag: What you're doing now. So that's good.
Galaxy A20: Now, yeah.
Belis Aladag: So, so this time. Do you feel like you're ready for this, like, yeah, you want to eat. You got it. It sounds like you are. You're saying like it's getting too hectic for you too tiring the lifestyle of trying to hustle every day and trying to figure out
Galaxy A20: It is it really isn't. Like I say, I'm getting older, to where if I don't even enjoy it anymore. You know, like when when
Galaxy A20: When it starts to wear off like my body starts to hurt you know and I'm in construction. So it's like
Galaxy A20: If the littlest paint turn into something so big now you know I got a small backache but because you know I'm withdrawing constantly every four hours.
Galaxy A20: And you know I can't, you know, just get high at work, you know, so it's like it's, it's just, yeah, it's, it's too much. It's just too much. I need to be normal. And I think the best way to do that is I guess to reach out and get help.
Belis Aladag: And you're doing a good job. So thanks for being here. We're going to get you hooked up and connected properly so you can continue like a more
Belis Aladag: A normal lifestyle where you can just take your medication be regular about it, you know, keep your appointments and then and then get on with your life, you know, do, do the things you need to do and not have chaos.
Belis Aladag: And family. Tell me about any family members with any substance use disorders or mental health problems.
Galaxy A20: Okay, so yeah, my
Galaxy A20: I have three brothers and I'm the oldest and then I have a sister, and she's older than me.
Galaxy A20: My sister doesn't do drugs never has. She has the mindset of, you know, she just she's never touched drugs. She smokes a little weed, but she doesn't do anything else.
Galaxy A20: Okay, now all of my brothers are all users, you know, in and out of jail, they're all worse than I am, you know, at least.
Galaxy A20: I'm I've been to jail, but like my, my, my brother Brandon, he's in prison right now for the next five to 10 years because
Galaxy A20: He's robbing at gunpoint for the shit. You know, like it got him so bad, where
Galaxy A20: He instead of me, like me, I rather work and you know make my money, even though it's harder to do it that way. He chose to pick up a gun and go and rob people. Well, he got caught. Now he's in prison for a long time.
Galaxy A20: He said, Yeah, that's my brother Brandon. Yeah. And so, and my dad is the same way. He's been in and out of prison, his whole life.
Galaxy A20: I, I think I've seen him a handful of times
Galaxy A20: Really
Galaxy A20: My mom was probably one of the biggest meth distributors in Madeira county for a long time. So it goes, it's in my genes.
Oh, wow.
Belis Aladag: That's a lot. That's a lot of stuff. So, so your dad and your brother that you described, are they, what kind of drugs do these math or heroin or
Galaxy A20: So my dad is a heroin addict, my brothers are heroin addicts or pill poppers and
Galaxy A20: My youngest brother is he is an attic to his outer walls and his this new stuff. It's called dabbing I have no idea. I don't do it, but it's basically really strong weed.
Belis Aladag: Yeah, really strong THC.
Galaxy A20: YEAH, AND HE DOES THAT SHIT HE SAYS ALL I'M FINE. But really, he, he is addicted to it. I hate to say what he wants, but he's addicted to
Galaxy A20: This
Belis Aladag: Brother, you haven't discussed yet or who's this one.
Galaxy A20: The one with this one. Okay, so Brandon's on in prison. And then the other one, like me, he's a pill popper. He's been in and out and he's got mental issues. And so, his name's Alan
Galaxy A20: And then Colton is the weed head, and he takes out her roles and stuff too. But those are the prescribed to him, but
Galaxy A20: He takes more than he needs to, you know, and like he he won't admit, none of that. But I tell him. When you get older, you will see, you know, all this is going to become
Galaxy A20: Just too much for you. You know, it's fun. Now, but like, because they're all they're all younger than me. The youngest one is 12 years younger than me so they're all relatively young. Yeah, I see. Okay.
Belis Aladag: And your mom. So your mom was, you know, kind of selling or distributing the methods you said. But if she does she use anything alcohol or math herself or
Galaxy A20: Anything. She now has been clean for like seven years. But back in. Yeah, back when we were kids, yo. Yeah. She was big alcoholic and her and her husband were
Galaxy A20: Like big time. OK, so the FBI and dee da and all that shit kicked in our doors when I was like 14
Galaxy A20: And they took. They took them all away, and that was I went live with my aunt and stuff and but all so my mom, my aunt's. My uncle's, they were all meth heads but
Galaxy A20: A lot of them are clean now like 80% of them, you know, and but some of them are still in jail. Some of my dad. He is not clean. He's like, I don't even know where he's at. To be honest, I have no idea. And
Galaxy A20: My brothers. They're all scattered to got one in prison ones in a mental institution because of the way he got hit in the head. He was trying to rob somebody or he's doing something he got hit in the head with like a pipe for a bat or something and his brain doesn't work normally anymore.
Galaxy A20: So I don't know.
Galaxy A20: But I don't keep in touch with that side of my family that much.
Galaxy A20: At all, actually. And then my mom moved to Washington. So I don't see her anymore. The only one that I even see at all, would be my sister and I haven't talked to her in a while, either because
Galaxy A20: Because of what I'm going through, you know, like I just rather not. She has kids and she doesn't have that stuff. She doesn't do any of that stuff. So I just rather not.
Galaxy A20: Go around looking like a junkie and like I feel like I like you know I'm just to the age where I understand what I look like I understand what I you know put off and
Galaxy A20: I don't like it. You know, I don't like it anymore. I don't my 20s, I didn't give a shit. I was wild. I was crazy. It was fun, but it's not fun anymore. You don't feel like it's fun anymore. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I feel embarrassed to be honest. Yeah. Oh, well, sorry to hear that. I mean, I think.
Belis Aladag: I think it's I think it's I think it's important to
Belis Aladag: Have some space from the whatever's going on in your head and to look at all the things in the consequences of everything that you're doing, how it touches other people. So I think that's a good thing and a sign of maturity and of
Belis Aladag: Growing as an evolving as a human being. But I also think that you need to be kind and compassionate to yourself because you know
Belis Aladag: Life is hard. And it sounds like you've been through a lot from a very young age, you know,
Belis Aladag: And so just be forgiving and kind to yourself as you move along with this new expanded awareness of, like, Oh, how am I affecting other people. How do other people see me. I mean,
Belis Aladag: It's a balance, but I think it's beautiful that you're trying and you're recognizing that you want it. You want to be a better version of you before you expose the kids or whatever to that you're not
Belis Aladag: In terms of other things I would like to know, let me see you mentioned you're you're in construction. So that's kind of a tough job. Do you have any aches and pains or any other health things history of anything that we need to
Galaxy A20: Like I said just normal, like, you know, it wouldn't be so bad. I think that if you know once
Galaxy A20: Once I'm not, you know, Jones in every for, you know, every four hours for Madison that, you know, really. I can't even afford anymore. It's gotten to the point where it's really expensive habit. You know, it really is. And so
Belis Aladag: And how much are you using like how
Galaxy A20: Are we spending.
Galaxy A20: Lately the last few weeks because I'm really just don't. I like I'm saying I don't enjoy it anymore so lately in the last few weeks I'm I'm under
Galaxy A20: Under a gram every day and but that's, I know that, you know, that's probably seems like a lot, but for me I was doing probably two, two and a half grams a day.
Galaxy A20: Every single day, and more than that. Sometimes if I was partying hard, you know, with friends or whatever. Um, I've always had a good job. So really, I'm
Galaxy A20: paying for it wasn't really an issue, but lately. It seems like it is especially during the winter times my job slows down, so. But like I say, I would say, I'm under a gram. Now, a right out of ground every day.
Galaxy A20: Which here where I live, is about 80 bucks for the ground.
Belis Aladag: So that's where you're at in the last few weeks.
Galaxy A20: Yeah, cuz I'm I really don't. I don't want to do it anymore. And I don't enjoy it like
Galaxy A20: And I'm trying to taper down off of it.
Galaxy A20: I was hoping last week that we could get this done fast enough. But I, I, something happened.
Galaxy A20: Anyway, but
Galaxy A20: You really had to use. I had to use over the weekend. You know, so there I wasn't withdrawing and everything, but I am 100% ready because I know that you have to have 24 hours before
Galaxy A20: You can take this medicine. So I haven't like I smoked last night. I haven't had anything today because I'm hoping to get that medicine today if I don't, though I I will, I will get something because I'm starting to feel like shit, you know,
Belis Aladag: Your eyes look a little watery and stuff. Do you feel like your nose is running. Do you feel like, oh,
Galaxy A20: It is, yeah. My nose is running.
Belis Aladag: Yeah, so, so, yeah. LAST LAST TIME YOU USE, WAS LAST NIGHT. So
Belis Aladag: Yeah, you're probably starting to feel it. And the thing is, there isn't. You don't have to do it. It's not a hard rule about 24 hours. It's just you have to be in some sort of withdrawal to have some physical symptoms diarrhea or whatever. Like, you don't have to be in misery.
Galaxy A20: But you have to
Belis Aladag: Be like feeling like okay I got to use it. Otherwise, I'm just getting worse and worse in terms of like like Goosebumps or whatever it is that you get that discomfort.
Belis Aladag: If you have at least two or three of those symptoms, you're ready to use it.
Belis Aladag: And you just put it under your tongue. You've done it before. It looks like you are on the film like we discussed. There's a tablet form or a film form. If your, your insurance covers. Do you know anything about which one your insurance prefers like it's covered
Galaxy A20: I get
Galaxy A20: I get to that I've had the tablet. But if I go to the specific pharmacy, they give me
Galaxy A20: The films. I feel like the films for me. They work better than they last longer than the pills do because the pills take so long to dissolve. You're swallowing more than it's like, then you're getting taken under in your bloodstream.
Belis Aladag: Exactly. So it has to melt to get into your bloodstream. You know that. So yeah, you want to like really let it try to melt down there.
Belis Aladag: Because if yeah the swallowing just makes it bypass your system. So, okay, you prefer film. I'll put in the film. And in terms of your dose, um, you know, you've tried this before. Um, do you have an idea of where you were at before.
Galaxy A20: Or yet like so typically
Galaxy A20: Strip. I'll take a trip in the morning I wake up at 530 in the morning to go to work today. I did not because it's raining but I expect to go back to my normal schedule as soon as possible, so I'm
Galaxy A20: fine with it. I take a strip at 530 in the morning and it lasts me
Galaxy A20: For the better part of all day long. Sometimes I don't need anything more, but there are days, you know, depending on how hard I work at work. There are days that I will take a half a strip before I go to bed or after I finished dinner, you know, type thing just to help me sleep.
Galaxy A20: Yes, so I'm anywhere from a strip to a strip and a half a day comfortably. That's not overdoing anything I want to just
Galaxy A20: Yeah, I don't want to be uncomfortable, but I don't want to be taking so much medicine that I'm not getting anywhere, either.
Belis Aladag: Exactly. So when exactly. You just got it. That's exactly where you want to be. So it sounds to me like we should start you with the one and a half. So we should assume, and it's I think it's important to be consistent with this.
Belis Aladag: I'm all for trying to taper you down eventually once we're at a very stable place or you like, you know what I really want to stick to one or whatever, if you feel like it in the in the coming months.
Belis Aladag: But I think for now. The most important thing is to remain steady and to keep taking it as prescribed. So I think one in the morning. Whenever you get up and then half before bed. I think that's a good regimen for you to try and stick to. Right. Okay. Okay. So we'll do that. Um,
Belis Aladag: And I'm also going to prescribe something called Narc can have you heard of Narcan the spray and your nose.
Belis Aladag: So he
Belis Aladag: It's something that, you know, the chances of overdose with Suboxone is very, very unlikely.
Belis Aladag: Usually if it's going to happen. It's a full on agonist like methadone or other opiates like heroin right so so Narcan is something just as a safety measure. It's like the reversal agent, it's what people carry when they're like
Galaxy A20: Paramedics that's what the medics hit you with if you're overdosing ok I see like I don't inject saw I've rarely ever overdose, because I smoke it. So I'm really containing how much I take in every, you know, but when you injected your. It's all or nothing, you know,
Belis Aladag: Yeah. Yeah, exactly. So, so, yeah, smoking, you maybe have a little more control, but still you can still overdose. Right.
Belis Aladag: No, it's just the precaution. So I prescribe it every time to anyone that starting this so you don't have to pick it up. If it's too expensive and you're like, I don't think I needed.
Belis Aladag: But the way you would use it is if you live with somebody, you can tell them where it is and just hey if you're, if you look like you're passed out and you're not waking up.
Belis Aladag: You're looking like you've got blue lips or something. They just spray it in your nose one nostril and you should come back and and like a minute or so if you're not, they can do it again in the other nostril and it should bring you back.
Belis Aladag: So, so that's just something tap the other good thing to remember is that there's like, Good Samaritan laws and stuff and you can use it on other people. So it's not just for you. So like if you had it in your person.
Belis Aladag: And someone at work just passes out and you're like, I don't know, but I think maybe it's opioids. I'm not sure it won't hurt them. If it's not an opioid overdose. If you try and use it.
Belis Aladag: And and and you're not liable for anything. If you, if someone on the street is passed out and you use it, you can actually save a life. You do need to call 911 because the reversal agent goes back in like half an hour. It goes out of your system so you can slip back
Ah,
Belis Aladag: OK, so we got that. So we'll order those two things for you, um, any, anything else any allergies to medications that I should know about.
Galaxy A20: No, I've never had any type of allergies. Like, I tell them, you know, a suit of medicine much Tylenol. I'm too much of it kind of hurts my stomach, but I'm not. I've never like taking it in it, like, you know, I had
Galaxy A20: Like I say, I like I've taken the all kinds of medicines that have it and but I've known I don't take Tylenol. Like, I'm like, I have a headache. I'm going to take Tylenol, I take like motion or something, you know,
Galaxy A20: ibuprofen, something that doesn't have a whole lot of Tylenol in it because it just hurts, right, it just messes up my stomach. And I think that's funny because
Galaxy A20: You know, I get a lot of backlash about that, like, Well, you're a heroin addict. You know, you put that shit in your system. And I'm just like, whoa, I, if I can help it. I'm not gonna put something that hurts my stomach and
Galaxy A20: I just think it's kind of funny. But yeah, no, I don't have any allergies to anything.
Belis Aladag: Good, good. Yeah, you know, your body best yeah people have their biases. You know, they have one. What are you going to do. Um, okay. Asleep any sleep issues constipation issues, anything like that. No.
Galaxy A20: No, like, okay, so I'm just getting into that, like they say that opioids, I guess, will back you up. I guess I'm not one of those people. I'm pretty regular I poop at least once a day.
Galaxy A20: And
Galaxy A20: As far as a
Galaxy A20: That goes. I've never had an issue. So yeah, no. I'm trying to think. But no, I've never been backed up because of my drugs. Okay.
Belis Aladag: No, um, any psychiatric history that I should know what. And have you ever been diagnosed with like depression and put on any meds or anything like that, you
Belis Aladag: Know, okay, nothing like that and then let me see. What else do I need to ask you.
I think that's it. You said
Belis Aladag: No recent changes and weights or fatigue or any energy levels and you
Galaxy A20: Know, just like I say, just when I'm like yeah, just when I'm in the withdrawal process like you know like last night I slept fine. But if I were to try to go to sleep tonight, there will be no way
Galaxy A20: Unless I use you know i mean if I went out and got a bag, then I would be fine, but OK.
Belis Aladag: OK, so that's it. So here's the deal. I am gonna give put in your prescriptions to your pharmacy. Let me just see the pharmacies all in here.
Belis Aladag: Say, save and close now okay so pharmacy.
Galaxy A20: The university or University Medical Center.
Medical Center.
Galaxy A20: Something like that.
Yeah, it should be here.
Belis Aladag: Okay, got it. And then, and
Belis Aladag: You're not on any other men's
Know,
Belis Aladag: So there is a blood test that they've ordered for you. Did you get to do that yet, or will you be doing
Galaxy A20: Now they told me I didn't know about that until today before they had called me and said that there's a place right here by my house. Apparently, that I need to go in and get a blood some blood work done. I told him if I needed to do it today. I would, but I guess you guys give seven days.
Galaxy A20: Seven days to do it. So I'll do it wherever you guys tell me to, you know, I have seven days to do it, then I'll do it on my my next day off or
Belis Aladag: Dude, on your next day off before your next visit before we need to prescribe again because um yeah it's just good to have that as a baseline. It looks at several things. But one of them being your liver status. So we want to make
Belis Aladag: Sure. This
Belis Aladag: Is a medication that's processed by your liver. You just once a year, want to be sure, it's okay. Yeah. So, all right. So you're going to get that done yet. It's inquest labs, right, that they tell you about that already.
Galaxy A20: Yeah. Okay, so I have to go to quest labs quest called
Belis Aladag: Quest is the best one to go to, because they're contracted with us and all you would have to do is show up. Give them your name and tell them you're with bright heart health.
Galaxy A20: And I, there is one right here by my house too so y'all just do that then
Belis Aladag: It's do that that's the easiest if it's an outside other lab, then you have to have a fax number and do all sorts of things. So I think it's easier if you do quest.
Belis Aladag: So do the blood test and then remember about. Okay, so I'm new to this too, but they're supposed to be mailing you a manila envelope.
Belis Aladag: They don't want you to open it. It's weird, they address it to you, but don't open it hold on to it sealed and then when you go into the virtual clinic.
Belis Aladag: They will say, okay, like open it up in front of us and go do your urine test and then show us the test and whatever. There's a whole way they do it so that you're technically doing it.
Galaxy A20: You know with doctrine.
Galaxy A20: So don't know on below. Don't open it.
Belis Aladag: Don't know it'll say bright it looks like you know there's a little test cup in there and stuff but don't don't open it until you log into the virtual clinic.
Belis Aladag: There's a zoom number you just log in and say, hey, I received this, can I do this test now and then they'll do it. And I think it's monthly testing.
Belis Aladag: Unless you feel like there's an issue, and it's for your good like it's just to help you stay on track to know like, hey, we're somebody monitoring you and you know, just to keep you at your own goal.
Galaxy A20: And you're testing.
Galaxy A20: For are we testing for like you guys gonna make sure I'm staying clean and not and not using and doing the Suboxone and like double dose and all out or
Galaxy A20: Yep. Okay. So testing for that.
Belis Aladag: Okay, yeah, it's the main I believe the test that you're receiving link that
Belis Aladag: Is mainly looking at, it's a regular drug screen point of care, which would probably look for
Belis Aladag: To see if you're taking the buprenorphine. So it's in your system and the other is that you are. Yeah, like you're not using all their opiates. Because if you're using, like say heroin as well, it'll show up and stuff and
Belis Aladag: And also, any other thing popping up and it's not a punitive thing, let's say something happens you slip up, it's not the end of the world. We just talked about. And we say, What can do we need to increase your dose or
Belis Aladag: What what's going on, like, are you losing motivation, what's happening. That's, that's why.
Belis Aladag: I'm okay. So, so we'll do that. And then, um ok so the testing. What else we should
Talk to you about
Belis Aladag: Everything is he prescribed. So when you go to the pharmacy, just say hey, was he prescribed by this physician, Dr. Allah DAG. That's me.
Belis Aladag: Um, and then there's finally groups. Okay, so I'm gonna try. I'm new to bright heart health, but I'm starting to get a couple of patients like you
Belis Aladag: And so the style that they encourage is that we do group visits, so it'll be
Belis Aladag: Like a short check in, like, Hey, how's it going, is that dose working for you. Do you need any changes. What's going on with you. Great. And then the next person. The next person. And so we're a group of maybe four people maybe bigger
Belis Aladag: And we kind of can see each other, your face, you know, just like this. The same kind of things apply, except there's some other people popping up to
Belis Aladag: And then, and then there's a therapist that runs the rest of the group. So I'll be there as the physician to do, like, hey, okay, I'll prescribe you whatever you need. And then, and then the therapist will take over and say okay, how are you guys doing. It's kind of like a group session thing.
Galaxy A20: So you're not. That sounds good. Yeah, it was my understanding was that's how this one was gonna be. But I guess this one has to be a little bit more personal for me and you. And then after that.
Galaxy A20: We go into the group thing. Okay.
Belis Aladag: Yeah, and we can, you can always opt to say hey you know i think i have stuff to talk to you about can we make a private session and we can always have a UN meet again.
Belis Aladag: But yeah, for your first intake is just to kind of get to know you establish your level of medication. And what we want to be doing okay. Um, but yeah. So you're okay with that you're down that the group.
Galaxy A20: Yeah, yeah, I'm cool with that. Yeah.
Belis Aladag: And then before the groups that they tell you that you're going to do like a brief addiction monitor survey thing, call it bad.
Galaxy A20: So they
Belis Aladag: They're going to give you like a link and you're going to go in there and like answer some questions about how you're doing.
Belis Aladag: Your sobriety and everything so that needs to be done before you enter the group. So just plan, like if the group is for 9am just plan on checking in at least half hour before to do all this stuff you need to do before you can enter. Okay.
Belis Aladag: And the way you get to the group is you go into the virtual clinic, you go into virtual clinic that zoom number and you say, Okay, I'm here, I'm going to do a group at nine but I whatever I need to do beforehand and no prep you
Galaxy A20: Don't know let me ask, let me ask you this, how, how often are we gonna do sections like that. I'm just curious because I don't mind them. I'm actually looking forward to them. But I'm just curious because I'm gonna have to put you guys like
Galaxy A20: Either before work, which would be rather early or afterward, you know, that kinda. I'm just wondering how often do you guys do it and the other. My other question is part two is
Galaxy A20: How, how long, like when when you prescribe the prescription. How long is it going to be a seven day or 14 day prescription or was it going to be
Belis Aladag: Yeah. Yeah, good question. So yeah, initially, um, the norm here is that we do one week supply, we get you going on a weekly basis. So the same thing with groups. So the group session with the check in medication wise is once a week.
Belis Aladag: So we do a weekly thing and we try to we try to put you in a group where hopefully you can keep it consistent and like have that time carved out just to do that. I believe the groups are an hour.
Galaxy A20: Okay. No, I don't think so. Okay, so every, every week at first, or whatever. And then so ya know that works out perfect. Yeah, cuz
Belis Aladag: And then let's see.
Galaxy A20: Sometimes. Sometimes I'll be out of town. Sometimes I won't buy a week that's that'll work. And then like later after a few months or whatever you guys prefer. Do you guys ever lengthen that
Galaxy A20: Yeah, two weeks. Okay.
Belis Aladag: Yeah, I think so. I think, I think that, yeah, they say after a few months, like Blitz you're doing awesome. And you're like, coming to the groups and participate, everything's going well for you, then we can you know like less than two like twice a month or whatever, you know,
Belis Aladag: And then just kind of go gradually but initially they want
Belis Aladag: Everybody to be seen on a weekly basis just establish the care get into the routine and then it's also good for you to have this health routine of like you're taking care of you. This is important for you, you're checking in kind of thing.
Galaxy A20: Yeah, I like that. No, that works. That works good for me. I'm, I'm okay with that. Okay.
Belis Aladag: Cool, yeah. University Medical Center in pharmacy on North. Wait, wait, plane. Yeah.
Belis Aladag: Okay, got it. So okay, so I'm prescribing all this. The two things. And then it's going to be a week's worth so hopefully we can get you assigned to a group to see me and the therapist.
Belis Aladag: Before you do for your next refill if somehow there's a weird gap that occurs by a couple of days because of scheduling on our side or something like we
Belis Aladag: You just call the virtual clinic and say, Hey, I'm running out. She gave me a week's worth, but I don't have group until three days for now. So can you ask for coverage and then we can cover you for the difference, but
Belis Aladag: We can figure this out before a week. Yeah, yeah. Okay, so be on the lookout. Um,
Belis Aladag: I guess I would say maybe if you can call the virtual clinic tomorrow and just check in and say, okay, so I saw the doctor yesterday she gave me a week's worth of meds.
Belis Aladag: But she said something about joining a group visit with her at or individually or something before my next thing is do so it can be set that up.
Galaxy A20: Okay, okay. Yeah, no problem.
Belis Aladag: Okay, so I think I've covered everything. Do you have any questions.
Galaxy A20: No, I couldn't. So how long do I have to wait because like, like I say, I'm, I'm ready to get the medication in my system. Um, so, how long do I have to wait. And then the other thing would be
Galaxy A20: No, I guess that's really all I'm asking really is. Yeah. Oh, can I take it right away like since I haven't smoked since last night. Like I would be okay to take it right
Belis Aladag: You're saying you're feeling some withdraw.
Galaxy A20: Oh yeah, I know they're there. I know I'm so I seem normal basis. Nah, I'm just, I'm trying to be as normal and you know on key for you as possible. But no, I'm ready. I'm really fidgety I'm
Galaxy A20: I'm ready for that medication.
Belis Aladag: You're getting anxious fidgety you're feeling, maybe some aches and pains at all.
Galaxy A20: And I'm freezing. You know, I'm in my house, nice and warm in here and I'm free. I'm in my jacket. I got a beanie on yeah yeah I'm ready for my body and my thermostat to go back to the norm.
Belis Aladag: Okay, if your body's feeling the withdrawal. It should be okay for you to take it. So take right now it's midday, right. So, like maybe take half half a tab half of a film right now under your tongue when you get it. So go to the pharmacy. I'll put it in right now. It should go through
Belis Aladag: As soon as you feel it. Try half as film and it should make you feel better and you should be okay and then maybe take another half tonight before bed and then tomorrow in the morning. You start with a full and then you do half at night.
Galaxy A20: Okay.
So today.
Belis Aladag: And then another half, maybe
Okay.
Galaxy A20: Yeah, just to get just to ease myself into it. Okay.
Belis Aladag: Yeah, no, no. If you take the half and you're like, I don't know, half hour goes by and you're still somehow not feeling well, then I guess you could take the other half. Then, but I
Belis Aladag: Have a feeling if you're okay with one in the morning and half later in the day. Normally, you're going to be okay now.
Galaxy A20: Like you're just going to start new I feel like what, that's how I use, you know, when I was taking those that's and but like I said I never taken them for a long period of time. So,
Galaxy A20: I'm I'm willing I'm, believe me, I'm willing to give it a shot. I'm ready to get clean up to the shit, I'm tired of spending my money on. I don't enjoy it anymore.
Galaxy A20: So with that being said, I'm going to do whatever it takes, but say later. Yeah, that I discovered that for whatever reason. Now that you know it's been two weeks without any though for longer.
Galaxy A20: And it's taking, you know, a stripper more to get me through the day. That's, that's, that would, that can be
Galaxy A20: Addressed right
Belis Aladag: Yes, exactly. Good. Good question. So let's say you go and yeah, you're like okay I took half and didn't feel 100% so I took another half and then it's going to lead off tonight.
Belis Aladag: Whatever. So you get to the morning and you take your full, full and you're okay. But then you're going to need another half midday, let's say, and then another half at night. So instead of one and a half, you moved up to two
Belis Aladag: If, if it becomes that way you're going to run out quicker. Right. So that means
Belis Aladag: You're going to call us so. So in the next few days, call and say, Actually, my dose. She gave me was one and a half.
Belis Aladag: And I just didn't feel quite right. So now I'm at two per day. So I'm going to run out. Can you give her a message or whatever. And it's okay in this interim since we're just starting you again that you tinker with it as you need. I'm okay with that.
Belis Aladag: But just let us know asap that that's that we discussed that it's okay for you to add another half if you need to. And then, and then we can kind of cover the gap. And then when we do a follow up, then we can say, Okay. Are you feeling okay on this new dose or we can always change it.
Galaxy A20: And I promise I'm not, I'm not here to, you know, just get a skyrocket. It does. I really, I wanted to take just enough to where I feel fine and sleep comfortably. But I don't want to take so much that I'm not getting anywhere as far as
Galaxy A20: You know I'm living in a daze I'm hi I'm you know I'm on so much fucking Suboxone that I'm not eating. I'm not
Galaxy A20: I don't want to be a zombie anymore. And I mean, I just want to feel normal and sleep right and then once I get I'm right in a few months. You know, I want to start tapering down or come off of the ship completely
Belis Aladag: Absolutely.
Galaxy A20: We can. This is my goal. I'm just telling you is if I if I if I do start to feel uncomfortable. I will let you know I'm not, I'm not the type of person. I'm going to tell you, you know,
Galaxy A20: If, if you're willing to yeah like I like you said tinker with it a little bit. Yeah. And then let's get me. Right. And then, uh, I want to come off of it. Yeah.
Galaxy A20: Yeah, no, I like you already
Belis Aladag: Okay, good. Yeah, yeah, we're going to be flexible and work with you so that you're you're meeting your own goals. Right. So it's just, just feel comfortable. That's what I'm here for.
Belis Aladag: So I'm going to give you enough the SIG the the prescription will say take one film in the morning and have film to melt under your tongue at in the evening.
Belis Aladag: Let's try that. But today, remember you're starting with half and then you're seeing how how how much that carries you and then maybe another half at night.
Belis Aladag: If you need more you'd keep tabs on what you're doing and then immediately call the virtual clinic and say, Yeah, you know, this one and a half. I think I'm going to need more like two or whatever.
Belis Aladag: Anything else I'm going to say. So I said, allow substitutions. So I wrote for the actual Suboxone brand.
Belis Aladag: But I put allow substitution, meaning if the pharmacist is like, whoa, you're, you're gonna have to pay an arm and a leg if you get the brand. But if your thing covers the generic film, you can say it's okay. She said, It's okay to switch or whatever. Okay.
Belis Aladag: Okay, so I think that's it so you can get going to that to the pharmacy and
Belis Aladag: Try it out and you should be okay. But the thing is, look, we don't want to take it too early, before you go into withdrawal because it's very strong on the receptor and can make you feel like your withdrawals worse.
Belis Aladag: So the worst thing that can happen is you take it and it's too soon. And you're like, Oh, I feel worse than withdrawal. You're not going to die. It just, it's going to go away. You just need more time.
Belis Aladag: Right. Just be patient. Try to stay calm and just, you know, continue with the plan of, okay, I'm going to get up and take one and then half
Belis Aladag: Okay, one and a half a day for seven days would be like 10 and a half. So I'll give you 11 films to start
Your code is right here.
Opioid
Belis Aladag: Okay, and then there's like a coupon. It's giving me a coupon, I can email or SMS like text to. So I'm going to say yes to that and see if it sends it to you.
And that's it.
Belis Aladag: Okay so validate
Belis Aladag: Send now.
Belis Aladag: Okay, so I'm sending it over.
Galaxy A20: Oh yeah, I just got a text message from you.
Belis Aladag: Did you. Okay, good.
Okay.
Belis Aladag: Sign into don't use
Galaxy A20: This discount for my
Galaxy A20: Math. Okay, cool.
Belis Aladag: I give you some
Some
Belis Aladag: Okay 626706 see
Y.
Belis Aladag: Axis is denied.
Belis Aladag: Enter your signing pass phrase.
Belis Aladag: Signing pass phrase.
Belis Aladag: Huh. Okay, let me let you go. And then I'm going to contact someone from bright health heart health to immediately help me with this. Don't worry, you're fine. This should be working in, like, a minute.
Galaxy A20: Okay, okay.
Galaxy A20: I'll give it a half hour. So now my head over there.
Belis Aladag: Okay, okay.
Galaxy A20: Thank you.
Galaxy A20: You're welcome. I will call tomorrow and just
Galaxy A20: Let them know what's going on and then set up my next appointment and I will hear from you in about seven days.
Belis Aladag: Okay. Sounds good. Take care. Bye bye.
Belis Aladag: Okay, a patient has severe opioid use disorder.
And also I wanted to say.
That's it.
Thank you.